pfc-udc
=======

Standard LaTeX template for final degree report/book project in FIC, 
(Facultad de Informática) at UDC (Universidad de A Coruña)

# Package Dependencies (Ubuntu 14.04)

* texlive
* texlive-latex-extra
* texlive-extra-utils
* texlive-latex-recommended
* texlive-bibtex-extra
* texlive-science
* texlive-pictures
* texlive-lang-spanish
* latexmk
* aspell
* aspell-es
* make

_latexmk_ is not the same package as _latex-mk_. This one is a perl script
useful to use it in a standard _Makefile_. _aspell_ is an optional package
for spelling checks.


# Structure:

The main document where the most important variables or macros are defined 
is _pfc.tex_. The style, dependencies and other macros are defined in _pfc.sty_, 
but you won't need to change it.

Tex files with prefix _pfc_*_ are defining  the root structure of the document, 
that is, the mandatory parts of the book: cover, thanks, table of contents, 
glossary, bibliography, etc.

The rest of the tex files are the chapters of the report.

# Use

Just edit the macros to define title, author, ... in the file `pfc.tex`.
You can also add or remove includes for each chapter.

## Compile and generate PDF

If you have installed _latexmk_ and _make_ just type `make`:
```
jriguera@packard:~/devel/personal/pfc-udc/src$ make
latexmk -pdf -pdflatex="pdflatex" -use-make pfc.tex
Latexmk: This is Latexmk, John Collins, 11 Nov. 2012, version: 4.35.
**** Report bugs etc to John Collins <collins at phys.psu.edu>. ****
Latexmk: applying rule 'pdflatex'...
Rule 'pdflatex': Rules & subrules not known to be previously run:
   pdflatex
Rule 'pdflatex': The following rules & subrules became out-of-date:
      'pdflatex'
------------

...

Output written on pfc.pdf (41 pages, 294604 bytes).
Transcript written on pfc.log.
Latexmk: Found input bbl file 'pfc.bbl'
Latexmk: Log file says output to 'pfc.pdf'
Latexmk: Found bibliography file(s) [pfc.bib]
Latexmk: All targets (pfc.pdf) are up-to-date
```

## Spelling

Type `make spell` to check all tex files.

## Cleaning

To clean  up  (remove) all regeneratable files generated by latex and bibtex: `make clean`
To clean up all generated files (except the _*.tex_, _*.sty_ and _Makefile_: `make dist-clean`

# Author

José Riguera López

